{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Candara-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red210\green126\blue37;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs34\b0\i0\cf4 How To Use This Template}
\par\pard\plain \pardeftab580\tx180\tx540\li540\fi-375\sa160\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://7A583553-3A84-40D6-B9B9-0430B8CD3E39"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Draft\u8221\'94 folder}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , create a new folder for each chapter and title each folder with the name of the chapter. (LaTeX itself will of course handle all numbering schemes.) The first chapter folder has been created for you with the placeholder title \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chapter\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Create a new text document for each section inside the chapter folders. Sections will be numbered and titled by LaTeX using hierarchical numbering (1.1, 1.2, 1.3).}
\par\pard\plain \pardeftab580\tx720\tx1080\li1080\fi-375\sa160\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nest documents beneath documents to create numbered subsections, subsubsections and unnumbered paragraphs, at 3rd, 4th and 5th levels of hierarchy respectively.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can of course also nest folders if you prefer.}
\par\pard\plain \pardeftab580\tx180\tx540\li540\fi-375\sa160\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you need to create the occasional unnumbered section, the Informal Chapter and Informal Section Types can be manually applied to those sections.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t require a foreword, move the \u8220\'93Foreword\u8221\'94 document in the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://96776348-B035-46DA-A5A5-210E99B93774"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Front Matter folder}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to the Trash folder. Alternatively, rename it \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Preface\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Abstract\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Introduction\u8221\'94 as you require. Adjust the title, table of contents and other front matter material within this folder, placing any additional front matter sections between the \u8220\'93Begin Document\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Begin Main Matter\u8221\'94 items.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Notes\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Ideas\u8221\'94 folders have been provided for your convenience, although you can replace them or create different top-level folders for your research materials if necessary (these are just regular folders that have had custom icons assigned to them using the }{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Documents\~\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9656\'3F\~Change Icon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  feature).}}